Update tips-when-attending-or-speaking-at-a-conference.md (#660)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: website/content/accessibility/deaf-and-hard-of-hearing/tips-when-attending-or-speaking-at-a-conference.md

4. **Use Google Slides' captions capability**: If the conference doesn't have captions, you can use Google Slides' captions capabilities. While they are far from great, they are better than no captions. 
5. **Ask for a microphone for Q&A**: If you are hard of hearing, ensure there is a microphone for questions, and as a speaker, repeat the questions into your mic so the recording will pick up the vocals and captions will pick up the question.
6. **Share your slide links beforehand or at the start of the presentation**: If you have speaker notes, this will help reinforce the content.
7. **Be sure any videos or pre-recorded demos have captions**. If running a command line demo, be sure you have plenty of comments in the demo to explain each steps, what is expected to be done, and the intended outcome. They should reinforce your voice over but stand on their own without your voice.

> 8. **Provide a heads-up to the interpreters**. In case you are making use of interpreters, make sure that they have been sent the slides/notes and the glossary of words in advance. Also ensure they know the sign name of the speaker(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. **Provide a heads-up to the interpreters**.If you are working with interpreters, send them the slides, including speaker notes and the [CNCF Glossary](https://glossary.cncf.io/) (or any relevant glossary), in advance. Also, ensure they know the speaker(s)'s sign name.
```

Author: Excellent wordsmithing, Catherine :)
